# Getting Started
To get started you should head over to the [MongoDB website](https://www.mongodb.com/1) and login or create a account. Once that is done click on `Create a New Cluster` in the
top right of the screen, after that something should pop up on your screen. There is nothing you need to do in, `Global Cluster Configuration`. In `Cloud Provider & Region` you
can choose what ever you want out of `Aws`, `Google cloud` or `Azure`. For the regions below that you can choose anything, although I would suggest picking the one in the USA since it is the closest, to the Discord Bot servers. Next for `Cluster Tier` since we will be using the free one you can leave it as it is, same for `Additional Settings` for `Cluster Name` set it to a name of your choice. 

# Connecting to the DB with MongoDBCompass and connecting with your code
If you followed the first couple of steps you should be on a screen saying `Your cluster is being created please wait a few minutes`, once your cluster is created click on the `connect` button, then click `conenct using MongoDB Compass`. You should be on a screen that asks you to download MongoDB Compass choose your operating system then click download while it is downloading on the side bar `Security > Network access` click on `+Add IP Address` then add the IP that you are currently on. Now that it is done downloading click on the file to open it then follow the steps to install it in the setup wizard, after it is done installing minimize out of the application and go on the connect page that we were previously on and click `conenct using MongoDB Compass`and click again there should be a URI that looks something like this `mongodb+srv://YourUserName:<password>@nameOfDB.jlmpj.mongodb.net/test`. Now open back up the app that you just installed, and paste the URI in there except change `<password>` to the password of your account. Now you should see 2 things `admin` and `local`, you don't need that right now so you can just leave them. Now in your code open the `config.js` file and where it says `YOUR-MONGOOSE-URI-STRING` paste the URI and change the `test` at the end to `Data` and then save the file and run `node .`. If there were no errors you have succefully connected to the DB. To learn how to use it please look at [this.](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGfLATfpHApnScvMr9dXd1g)